I love the boots, but they are a little tight in the toe box. I have a wide foot and they are tight in that area. I am hoping they will stretch out a bit. I will keep them and hope they will be comfortable once they are broken in.
I bought these shoes for my wedding and they are very cute and comfortable. The only reason I didn't give them 5 stars is because they are a little tight in the toe area. I have a narrow foot and they were a little too tight in that area. Other than that they are great.
I bought this for my wife for Valentine's Day and she loved it. It is a very pretty necklace. The only thing I would change is that the chain is a little too thin. I would have liked it to be a little thicker. Other than that it is a great necklace.
I bought this swimsuit for my husband and he loves it. It fits well and looks good. The only problem is that it is a little tight around the thighs. He is a 32 waist and I bought a 34 and it is still a little snug.
I love the look of these shoes and they are very comfortable, but they run a little big. I usually wear a 7.5 and I ordered a 7 and they were still a little too big. They are a little loose in the toe box. I would recommend ordering a half size smaller than you normally wear.
I love these sandals. They are very comfortable and look great. The only thing I don't like is that they are a little tight across the top of my foot. I have a high instep and the strap is a little too tight. I am hoping they will stretch out a bit.
I bought these for my husband to wear to the beach. They fit well and look good. The only thing I don't like is that the mesh liner is a little tight. He has to pull it up every time he goes in and out of the water.
I love these shoes. They are very comfortable and fit true to size. I have a high instep and these shoes are great for me. I wear them to the gym and for walking. I would recommend these shoes to anyone who is looking for a comfortable shoe.
I have used HP DVD+R discs for many years and have never had a problem with them. This time around I have had a lot of problems with the discs. They are not as good as they used to be. I will not buy them again.
I bought this product to scan my negatives. It does not work with Windows XP. I have tried to contact the company several times and have not received a response. I am very disappointed in the product. I would not recommend it to anyone.
I bought this for my husband to use in his office. It works well, but the sound quality is not very good. It is not loud enough to be heard over the noise of the air conditioner. I would not recommend this product.
I bought this charger for my Acer Aspire 5532 and it worked for about a month and then it stopped working. I was able to use it for a few days and then I had to buy a new one. I guess you get what you pay for.
This is a good receiver for the price. I have it hooked up to a pair of Sony speakers and it sounds great. The only problem I have with it is that the remote control is a little difficult to use. I would recommend this to a friend.
This is a great product. I use it with my Canon T3i and it works great. It is a little heavy, but that is to be expected. I like the fact that it has a solid feel to it. I would recommend this product to anyone.
This is a great little camera. It is easy to use and takes great pictures. I have had it for a few months now and I am very happy with it. The only thing I don't like is that it doesn't come with a memory card.
This is a great product. I love that it charges my iPhone and plays my iPod. The sound quality is great. The only thing I don't like is that it doesn't have an aux input. I have to use my aux cable to charge my phone.
This is the best deodorant I have ever used. I have been using it for years and it is the only one that works for me. It is a little hard to find in the stores so I was happy to find it on Amazon.
I bought this for my husband to use in his office. It works well, but the sound is not as loud as I would like. It's not as good as the one we had before, but it's not bad. It does the job.
This is a great HRM for the price. It is easy to use and easy to set up. The only thing I don't like about it is that it doesn't have a way to track your heart rate while you are running. It only shows you the time and calories burned.
I have used this product for years and it works great. It is a little pricey but it is worth it. I have tried it on a lot of different fabrics and it does a good job of removing the wrinkles. I would recommend this product.
This is a great product. It is very strong and holds my glasses in place. The only thing I don't like about it is that it doesn't stay in place very well. I have to keep moving it around to get it to stay put. Other than that, it is great.
I love these insoles. They are very thin and easy to put in my shoes. I have a pair of shoes that I have worn for years and they were starting to smell bad. I put these in them and they have made a huge difference in the comfort of my shoes and the smell is gone.
I bought this for my husband for Christmas and he loves it. It's a great alternative to the Zippo butane lighter insert. It works great and is easy to use. The only thing I don't like about it is that it's a little hard to get the flame to go all the way up.
I have been taking this for a couple of weeks now and it seems to be helping me. I am not sure if it is helping me sleep better or not, but I am sleeping better. I have not noticed any side effects. I will continue to take it.
This is a great steamer. I have used it several times and it is easy to use and easy to clean. I like the fact that it has a separate basket for steaming vegetables. I also like that it can be used to steam rice and vegetables.
I bought this filter to replace the one that came with my DustBuster. It does not fit. It is too big. I have to use a rubber band to hold it in place. I don't know if it is the fault of the filter or the vacuum.
I bought this poster for my son's room. It's a great size and the colors are great. The only thing I don't like is that it's not laminated. I had to get a frame for it and it's a little hard to read. Other than that, it's great.
This is a very nice table and chair set. It is a little smaller than I expected, but it is perfect for my small kitchen. The chairs are very comfortable and the table is very sturdy. The only thing I don't like is that the top of the table has a few scratches on it.
This is a nice teapot, but the color is not as bright as the picture. It is more of a dark turquoise than a light blue. I was hoping it would be more of an aqua blue, but it is more like a dark aqua. It still looks nice, but I would have preferred the color to be more like the photo.
This is a great product. I have used it a few times and it works great. It does take a little practice to get the right amount of flour in the tortillas, but once you get the hang of it, it is easy to use.
I bought this fan for my son's room. It is very quiet, but the oscillating feature does not work well. It does not blow the air straight out, it blows it to the side. I would not recommend this fan to anyone.
This is a great little steamer. It is easy to use and easy to clean. I like the fact that it is silicone. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because it is a little flimsy. I have to be careful when taking it out of the microwave.
