This is a great place to get your car washed. The staff is very friendly and helpful. The car wash is quick and easy and the vacuums are free. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because it's a little pricey. I paid $10 for a wash and vacuum and it was only $5.50. I would recommend this place to anyone.
This is a great place to get your nails done. The staff is very friendly and they do a great job. I've been coming here for a few years now and I've never had a bad experience. They have a lot of colors to choose from and the prices are very reasonable. I would recommend this place to anyone.
This is a great place for Mexican food. The food is good and the service is great. The only thing I don't like about this place is that they don't have a lot of vegetarian options on the menu. They do have a good selection of margaritas and the prices are very reasonable.
I love this place. It's a dive bar, but it's a great dive bar. The drinks are cheap, the bartenders are friendly, and it's just a great place to hang out with friends. The only thing I don't like is that they don't have a pool table.
This place is a hidden gem. The food is delicious and the service is great. I had the carne asada torta and it was delicious. The torta was huge and the meat was cooked perfectly. I will definitely be back to try other items on the menu.
This is a great place to visit if you are in the Cleveland area. It's a bit pricey, but it's worth it for the experience. The staff is very friendly and helpful. The aquarium is very clean and well maintained. I would recommend this place to anyone who wants to visit the aquarium.
Dr. Benitez and his staff are very friendly and professional. I was in and out in less than an hour. The office is very clean and the staff is very friendly. I would recommend this office to anyone looking for a good doctor.
This is a great place to stay if you want to get away from the hustle and bustle of the strip. The rooms are clean, the staff is friendly, and the rooms are spacious. The casino is clean and the food is good. The only reason I didn't give this place 5 stars is because it's a little far from the strip, but it's worth the drive.
This is the best shawarma place I've been to in a long time. The portions are huge and the food is always fresh and delicious. The staff is always friendly and the place is always clean. It's a great place to grab a quick bite to eat.
I love Macy's but this location is not my favorite. It's not the cleanest or the friendliest. I've been to other Macy's and this one is by far the worst. The customer service is not as good as the one in the Fashion Show Mall. The employees are not as friendly and they don't seem to want to be there. I don't think I'll be going back to this location.
This is a great place to go if you are looking for a healthy, fresh, and delicious meal. The food is fresh, healthy, and very tasty. The staff is very friendly and the service is great. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone who wants to try something new and different.
I've been here a few times and have always had a good experience. The food is good, the service is good and the beer is cold. I've never had a bad experience here. I would recommend this place to anyone looking for a place to grab a beer and some food.
This is a good place to get a quick bite to eat. I had the salmon burrito and it was pretty good. It was a little pricey for a burrito but it was good. I would come here again if I was in the mood for a sushi burrito.
We used Taurus Moving to move from our apartment to our new home and they did a great job. They were on time, very professional, and very careful with our belongings. They even wrapped our furniture in plastic. I would definitely use them again and recommend them to others.
This place is amazing! The deep dish pizza is the best I've had in the GTA. It's a little pricey but it's well worth it. The staff is very friendly and the place is very clean. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for a good pizza place.
This is a great place for a quick bite to eat. I had the chicken shawarma pita and it was very good. The pita was soft and fresh and the chicken was tender and juicy. The hummus was good too. The only thing I didn't care for was the pita chips that came with it. They were a little stale. I will definitely be back to try other items on the menu.
I've been to Mercatto's a few times now and have always had a good experience. The food is good, the service is good and the ambiance is nice. The only thing I don't like about this place is that it's a bit pricey for what you get. I've had the veal parmigiana and it was pretty good, but not the best I've ever had. I would recommend this place if you're in the area and looking for a good Italian restaurant.
I've been going to McGurkee's since I was a kid. I love this place. The food is always good and the staff is always friendly. I've never had a bad experience here. I always get the same thing and it's always good. I'm not a big fan of their pizza, but the sandwiches are great. I would recommend this place to anyone looking for a good sandwich.
This place is a hidden gem. The food is great and the service is even better. I had the all you can eat catfish and it was delicious. The hush puppies are the best I've ever had. I will definitely be back.
This place is a hidden gem! The food is delicious and the owners are so friendly and welcoming. I had the chicken parmigiana and my husband had the veal piccata. The portions are huge and the prices are very reasonable. We will definitely be back to try more of the menu!
I had a great experience at Peoria Nissan. I was in and out in less than an hour with a brand new car. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because I had to wait a little longer than I would have liked to get my car serviced.
This is a great place for Indian food in Tremont. I've been here a few times and the food has always been great. The staff is friendly and the service is good. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because the food is a bit pricey. I would recommend this place to anyone looking for good Indian food.
The beef noodle soup is really good. The beef is tender and the broth is very flavorful. The only thing I don't like is that they don't give you a lot of meat in the noodle. I ordered the pork chop noodle and it was a little too salty for my taste. I would come back again to try the other dishes.
This place is a hidden gem. The food is delicious and the service is great. I had the tonkotsu ramen and it was delicious. The broth was rich and flavorful and the noodles were cooked perfectly. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for a good ramen place.
This is a great place to stay for the price. The rooms are clean, the staff is friendly, and the location is great. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because of the noise level. It's a little loud in the hallways, but the rooms are nice and quiet. I would definitely stay here again.
I've been to Delysees a few times now and have tried their macarons and eclairs. They are delicious! I've tried the salted caramel, pistachio, and chocolate hazelnut and they were all very good. The macaroons are a bit on the pricier side, but the quality is worth it. I've also tried their cakes and they are also delicious. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone who is looking for a good macaroon.
This was a great experience. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The pilot was very knowledgeable and made sure we had a great time. I would definitely recommend Hot Air Expeditions to anyone looking for a hot air balloon ride.
I've been here a few times now and it's always been a great experience. The sushi is always fresh and the service is great. I've had a few different rolls and they've all been great. The only thing I don't like about this place is that it's a little on the pricey side, but it's worth it for the quality.
The food was good, but the service was slow. We had to wait a long time for our food to come out. I had the lobster mac and cheese and it was very good. My husband had the filet mignon and he said it was good but not great. We also had the truffle fries and they were good. I would go back for the food but not for the service.
This is a great place for a quick bite to eat. I had the holy chuck burger and it was delicious. The burger was juicy and flavourful. The fries were good too. The only thing I didn't like was that the fries were a bit soggy. I would definitely come back here again.
I had the spicy chicken sandwich and it was really good. The bread was fresh and soft and the chicken was tender and juicy. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because it was a little pricey for what it was. I would definitely go back and try something else on the menu.
I've been here a few times and the food is pretty good. I usually get the roasted duck noodle soup and it's always good. It's not the best Chinese food I've ever had, but it's pretty good for the price. The service is good and the place is clean. I would recommend this place if you're in the area.
This is a great place for Mexican food. The food is good and the service is great. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because the chips and salsa are a little bland and the margaritas are not that great. I've been here a few times and have never had a bad experience.
I've been here a couple of times and the food and service has always been good. The food is good and the atmosphere is nice. The only thing I don't like about this place is that they don't have a lot of vegetarian options on the menu.
This is a great place for Mexican food in the Carefree area. The food is very good and the service is great. I had the chicken fajitas and they were very good. I would recommend this place to anyone looking for a good Mexican restaurant in the area.
This is a cute little bakery located in the M resort. I had the chocolate croissant and it was very good. The croissants were soft and moist and the filling was delicious. I also had a chocolate chip cookie which was also good. I would definitely recommend this place if you are in the area.
This is a great place to visit if you want to get away from the hustle and bustle of the strip. There are so many places to eat, drink, gamble, shop, and eat. It's a great way to get out of the heat and get away for a few hours.
We had a great time at Twisted Rose. The food was great and the wine was even better. The atmosphere was nice and the service was great. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because it was a little pricey for what it was. I would definitely go back.
I had a great experience at LV Jewelry Exchange. Aaron was very helpful and knowledgeable. I was able to get a fair price for my jewelry. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone looking to sell their jewelry.
This is a great place for Mexican food in the area. I've been here a few times and the food has always been great. The service is great and the staff is very friendly. The only thing I would say is that the portions are a bit small for the price, but it's still a good place to go if you want to try something new.
This is a great place for a quick bite to eat. The food is good and the service is great. I had the chicken enchiladas and they were very good. My husband had the chimichanga and it was very good as well. We will definitely be back.
This is a great place to grab a beer and hang out with friends. They have a great selection of beers and the staff is very friendly and helpful. They also have food from Fire and Brimstone next door so you can bring your food in and enjoy it while you enjoy your beer. I would recommend this place to anyone looking for a new place to hang out.
The Blake House is a great place to have a drink and a bite to eat. The food is good and the service is great. The atmosphere is very nice and the patio is a nice place to hang out on a nice day. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because it is a bit pricey.
I love Jason's Deli. I've been going to this location for years. The food is always good and the staff is always friendly. The salad bar is always fresh and they have a great selection of toppings. The only thing I don't like about this location is that they don't have a drive thru.
I've been going to Skaught for about a year now and I love it! I've never had a bad experience and I always get compliments on my hair when I get it done. Allison is the best! She is very professional and always listens to what I want. I've had my hair done by a few different stylists and they all do a great job. I highly recommend this place!
The ramen was pretty good. I had the tonkotsu ramen and my husband had the miso ramen. The broth was a little too salty for my taste, but it was still good. The service was great and the staff was very friendly. We will definitely be back to try other things on the menu.
This was my first time at the Melting Pot and it was a great experience. The food was delicious and the service was great. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because it took a long time for the food to come out. We had a party of 4 and it took over an hour to get our food. I would definitely recommend this place for a special occasion.
This place is a hidden gem in Old Town Scottsdale. I had the chicken avocado pie and it was delicious. The crust was flaky and buttery and the filling was very flavorful. I will definitely be back to try other items on the menu. The staff was very friendly and helpful.
This is a great place to go for a date night. The food is great, the service is great and the atmosphere is great. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because of the price. It's a little on the expensive side, but it's worth it.
I've been to Sakanaya a couple of times now and I have to say it's one of the best sushi places in Champaign-Urbana. The service is great, the food is great and the atmosphere is great. The only thing I don't like about this place is that it's a little pricey, but it's definitely worth it.
This is a great place to grab a quick bite to eat. The food is always fresh and delicious. The staff is always friendly and the place is always clean. The only thing I don't like is that they don't have a lot of options for vegetarians or vegans. I wish they had more options for vegans and vegetarians.
I had a great experience at Schumacher. I was looking for a new car and they were able to get me in and out quickly. The service department was very friendly and helpful. I would recommend them to anyone looking to buy a new or used car.
This is the worst Dunkin' Donuts I've ever been to. I've been to this location a few times and every time I go through the drive thru, they always get my order wrong. I'm not sure if it's because they're understaffed or what, but they always seem to mess up my order. I don't know if I'll be going back to this one.
This is a good place to go if you're looking for a quick bite to eat in Chinatown. The ramen is pretty good and the prices are reasonable. I had the spicy miso ramen and it was pretty good. The service was quick and the staff was friendly. I would definitely come back here again.
I got my first tattoo here and it was a great experience. The staff is very friendly and the shop is very clean. I got a tattoo done by Colin and he did a great job. I will definitely be going back to him for my next one.
I love Panera Bread, but this location is not as good as the others I've been to in the valley. The food is always good, but the service is slow and the employees are not very friendly. I'm not sure if it's because it's a new location or what, but I've never had a good experience at this location.
This is a great place to shop if you are in the area and want to get out of the heat for a bit. The food court has a lot of options and the food is good. The stores are a little pricey but you get what you pay for. It's a good place to go if you want to go out of your way to shop.
This is a great place for Mexican food. The food is very good and the service is great. I have been here a few times and have never had a bad experience. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because it is a little pricey for what you get. I would recommend this place to anyone.
This is a great place to get some good Chinese food. The food is always fresh and the service is great. I've been coming here for years and have never had a bad experience. The prices are great and the portions are huge. I usually get the orange chicken and fried rice and it never disappoints. I would recommend this place to anyone looking for a good Chinese restaurant.
I've been here a few times and the food is always good. The pho is good and the service is good too. The only thing I don't like about this place is that they don't have a lot of vegetarian options on the menu.
I've been here a few times and it's always been a good experience. The food is always good and the service is great. I've never had a bad meal here. The only thing I would say is that it's a little on the pricey side, but you get what you pay for.
This is my go-to place for Chinese food delivery. The food is always hot, fresh, and delicious. I've never had a bad meal here. The staff is always friendly and the delivery is always fast. I love the honey walnut shrimp and the orange chicken. The egg rolls are also very good. I would recommend this place to anyone looking for good Chinese food.
My husband and I went here for a couples massage for our anniversary and it was the best massage we've ever had. We were greeted by the owner, Rick, who was very friendly and professional. The massage was amazing and the atmosphere was very relaxing. We will definitely be back!
The cupcakes were good, but not the best I've ever had. The frosting was a little too sweet for my taste. The cake was a bit dry, but the frosting made up for it. I had the Kir Royale cupcake and it was pretty good.
This is a great place for Italian food. The food is good and the service is great. The only thing I don't like about this place is that they don't have a kids menu. The kids menu is a little pricey for the amount of food you get. I would recommend this place to anyone who is looking for a good Italian restaurant.
This is a great place to get bubble tea in Oakland. They have a wide variety of flavors to choose from and the prices are very reasonable. I got the mango green tea with tapioca pearls and it was delicious. The tapiocas were soft and chewy and the tea was not too sweet. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone who loves bubble tea.
I had a great experience with Superior Auto Glass. They were able to get me in the same day I called and they did a great job on my windshield. I would definitely recommend them to anyone looking to get their windshield replaced.
The food was good, but not great. I had the scallops and my wife had the salmon. The scallop was cooked perfectly, but the salmon was a bit dry. The service was great, and the atmosphere was nice. I would go back, but I wouldn't go out of my way for it.
This place is a hidden gem. The food is delicious and the service is great. I had the chicken kabob and it was cooked to perfection. The owner is very friendly and welcoming. I will definitely be back.
The donuts here are delicious! I've been here a few times now and they are always fresh and delicious. They have a great selection of donuts and the staff is very friendly and helpful. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because they don't have a drive thru.
This is a great place to grab a beer and hang out with friends. They have a great selection of beers and the staff is very friendly. The beer is great and the atmosphere is very laid back. I would recommend this place to anyone looking for a place to hang out.
This is the best dispensary I've been to in Las Vegas so far. The budtenders are very knowledgeable and helpful. They have a wide variety of products and the prices are very reasonable. I've never had a bad experience here. I would recommend this place to anyone.
This is a great place to eat if you're staying at the Aria. The decor is beautiful and the service is great. The food is pretty good, but not the best I've ever had. It's a little pricey for what you get, but it's a nice place to go for a special occasion.
I had a great experience with this place. I dropped my phone and shattered the screen. They were able to fix it in less than an hour and the price was very reasonable. The staff was very friendly and helpful. I would recommend this place to anyone.
This is a great place to grab a quick bite to eat if you're in the area. The food is fresh and tasty and the staff is friendly. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because the portions are a bit small and the prices are a little high for the amount of food you get.
This is a great place to grab a glass of wine and a bite to eat. They have a great selection of wines and a nice selection of small plates to choose from. The staff is very friendly and helpful. The only thing I would say is that the prices are a little on the high side, but it's worth it for the quality of the food.
The food was good, but the service was terrible. We waited over an hour for our food and it wasn't even that busy. We had to go up to the bar to get our own drinks and the waitress never came back to check on us. The food took forever to come out and when it did, it was cold. I would not recommend this place if you are in a hurry.
The food was good, but the service was a little slow. We had to wait a long time for our food to come out, but it was worth the wait. The staff was very friendly and the restaurant was clean. I would go back again.
This is my go-to sushi place in the area. I've been coming here for years and have never had a bad experience. The sushi is always fresh and the service is always great. The prices are reasonable and the portions are generous. I usually get the salmon and spicy tuna rolls and they are always delicious. I would recommend this place to anyone looking for a good sushi place.
This is a great little coffee shop in the Scottsdale Quarter. The staff is very friendly and the coffee is great. I love the nitro cold brew and the Avocado Toast. It's a great place to stop in for a quick cup of coffee and a bite to eat.
I have been to Donovan's a few times and have always had a good experience. The food is always good and the service is great. I had the filet mignon and it was cooked to perfection. I would recommend this place to anyone looking for a good steakhouse.
This is a great place to grab a quick bite to eat. The pizza is delicious and the staff is very friendly. They have a great selection of beer and wine to choose from and the atmosphere is great. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for a quick lunch or dinner.
This is a great place for a date night or a night out with friends. The food is great and the drinks are even better. The staff is very friendly and the atmosphere is great. I would recommend this place to anyone looking for a fun night out.
The food was good, but the service was a little slow. We had to wait a long time for our food to come out, but it was worth the wait. I had the veal parmigiana and it was very good. My husband had the wild boar bolognese and he said it was good. We also had the lobster ravioli which was also good. I would go back, but I wouldn't go out of my way for it.
This is the worst Dunkin Donuts I've ever been to. I've been to this location a few times and they are always out of the donuts I want. I'm not sure if they are understaffed or if they just don't have enough people working, but it's always a long wait. The donuts are good, but the service is terrible.
This is a great place for a date night. The food is very good and the service is great. The atmosphere is very nice and the staff is very friendly. I would recommend this place to anyone looking for good Italian food.
I've been going to Lash & Sugar for a few months now and I absolutely love it! Alesha does my lashes and she is the best! She is so sweet and does a great job every time. I always get compliments on my lashes every time I get them done. I highly recommend this place!
I've been to this location a few times and the food is always good, but the service is always slow. The last time I was there, we waited over an hour for our food and it wasn't even that busy. The food was good but the wait was too long. I don't think I'll be back.
I've been here a few times and it's always a fun place to go. The bartenders are always friendly and the drinks are good. The only thing I don't like about this place is that they have a mechanical bull. It's a great place to hang out with friends and have a good time, but if you're looking for a quiet place to have a drink, this isn't the place for you.
I've been here a few times and the food is good, but the service is hit or miss. The last time I was here, I had to wait a long time for my food and the waitress was not very attentive. The food is decent, but I don't think I'll be going back.
The food is good, but the service is slow. I've been here a few times and the service has always been slow. The staff is friendly and the food is tasty, but it takes a long time to get your food. I would recommend this place if you're in a hurry and don't mind waiting a while.
I've been here a few times and the food is good but the service is not the best. The waiters are not very attentive and they don't seem to know what they are doing. The food is not bad but it's not great either. It's a good place to go if you're in the area but I wouldn't go out of my way for it.
This is a great little sandwich shop. I had the pastrami sandwich and it was very good. The bread was soft and fresh and the meat was tender and flavorful. The staff was very friendly and the place was very clean. I will definitely be back.
This is a great place for laser tag. The staff is very friendly and helpful. The place is very clean and well maintained. They have a great selection of games to choose from. I would recommend this place to anyone who wants to have a good time.
I have been going to Beyond Beauty Lashes for a few months now and I have to say I am very happy with my lashes. The staff is very friendly and professional. I have had a few different techs do my lashes and they have all done a great job. I would recommend this place to anyone who is looking to get their lashes done.
I got my first tattoo here and it was a great experience. The staff was very friendly and professional. I got a tattoo done by Terry and he did a great job. I will definitely be back for my next one.
I've been here a few times and the food is good, but the service is terrible. The staff is rude and they don't seem to care about the customers at all. I don't think I'll be coming back.
This place is a hidden gem. The food is delicious and the portions are huge. I had the chicken kabob with rice and salad. The chicken was tender and juicy. The salad was fresh and the dressing was delicious. I will definitely be back to try other items on the menu.
The library is a great place to grab a drink and a bite to eat. The food is pretty good and the atmosphere is nice. The only thing I don't like is that they don't have a lot of vegetarian options. I've been here a few times and the food has always been good, but I've never had anything that I didn't like.
I've been here a couple of times and the food is good, but not great. I've had better sushi at other places in the area. The service is good and the staff is very friendly. The prices are a little high for what you get, but the quality of the sushi is good.
